gone girl	TYC	what is the name of the song?﻿
gone girl	TYC	*Q:* Writer Gillian Flynn said that she pictured a lot of couples breaking up after #GoneGirl . What is the best worst date movie in your opinion?#BenAffleck *:* I guess Fatal Attraction, right? You get your rabbit boiled and somebody gets shot at the end.Read the whole interview: exm.nr/1045zls﻿
gone girl	TYC	WTF is Tyler Perry doing in this movie?﻿
gone girl	TYC	If you think this spoils the movie, well you OBVIOUSLY haven't read the book.. I suggest you do﻿
gone girl	TYC	Oscar Bait for sureeeeee﻿
gone girl	TYC	He's gonna be such a good batman﻿
gone girl	TYC	hey , thanks for all the spoilers in the trailers these days again !!!!﻿
gone girl	TYC	the name of the song! and for me they want that you think that he killed her wife but he didnt or maybe they want that you think that he did kill her and you think he didnt and then he did ﻿
gone girl	TYC	I think-- did they just give away the twist? Seriously? Trailers suck!@.@﻿
gone girl	TYC	Excited for this!﻿
gone girl	TYC	Actually this was a refreshingly different trailer.  I hope the movie is good.﻿
gone girl	TYC	This trailer looks pretty "spoilery", but Im gonna guess shes not really dead?? ﻿
gone girl	TYC	What's so spoilery about this trailer? As someone who has yet to read the book, I haven't a clue what's happening in the film just by the trailer, other than Rosamund Pike is dead/missing and Ben Affleck is trying to find her. You guys wanting a trailer that spoils the whole movie? Try Dream House with Daniel Craig.﻿
gone girl	TYC	So Hollywood still trying to make Ben Affleck happen. Well, Justin Timberlake was kind of happening, and suddenly he stopped happening.﻿
gone girl	TYC	wasted 1.37 second of my life this movie look lilke shit﻿
gone girl	TYC	let me guess......He killed his wife﻿
gone girl	TYC	They gave away to much in that trailer....﻿
gone girl	TYC	ALMOST KNOW THE WHOLE STORY﻿
gone girl	TYC	well, i just watched a movie in 1 minute and 37 seconds﻿
gone girl	TYC	Am I the only one who was on Nick's side from the beginning till the very end? I tend to not trust women, even though I am one myself.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Ladies and gentlemen! Your new Batman! ﻿
gone girl	TYC	Yes he killed his wife. Whats the problem ?﻿
gone girl	TYC	batman did it...﻿
gone girl	TYC	I prefer the novel, it's much more deep and sensational :http://www.lulu.com/shop/gillian-flynn/gone-girl/ebook/product-21847044.html﻿
gone girl	TYC	This is one of the worst songs I've ever heard﻿
gone girl	TYC	wow that song is annoying. Movie looks good though.﻿
gone girl	TYC	I think he killed his wife. He is playing the Scott Peterson card.﻿
gone girl	TYC	what is the name of the song in the trailer?﻿
gone girl	TYC	i think in the end, it turns out that he is the killer or what ever and he has a psychological problem or a skitzo  personality﻿
gone girl	TYC	This trailer may be on par with Social Network trailer. ﻿
gone girl	TYC	The ending is so crap, the movie goes way too long... Nothing good to say about the movie. The trailor looked so good compared to watching the whole movie﻿
gone girl	TYC	DIe Antwoord. Sedona. Saint lukes. Me. Cupid. Humble. Surreal abstract pop artist. Blood brother. Zach Hunter. 33. 2014 July 11. I am an 11 a 22 a 33 and so on ending in 2. Univeral unconditioal love for me aries brother. Your not a killer forget about 7181 that ngiht. Peace&Love Jason Hunter. My big goliath raganarok. Peace outtq here. Inpire to create. That is all we an r all were ever connected t8. If their arounf yoiu tjeir good. Your just and we just get even jason humter. Blood o flatrerye shwmus killl obomba real killer rappist. Flase leader. Decieved yiu. Im your real handler. Stay in arab imigrate county though and lead from therem. Peace outta west from there. Got get it good death anfel general veral.﻿
gone girl	TYC	What's ironic is I just picked up this book two days ago at the library and had no idea they were making a movie about it.... ﻿
gone girl	TYC	Is this the Scott Peterson story?﻿
gone girl	TYC	0:49 & 0:59 priceless﻿
gone girl	TYC	can't wait for this!﻿
gone girl	TYC	I absolutely love all these movies and lo8k forward to theem. 100₩ ¥ € £ ♡ ○□☆♡ ¤ ◇ 《 matrix code - ♡ 》﻿
gone girl	TYC	if its anything like Gone Baby Gone, it will shine﻿
gone girl	TYC	can't wait for this!﻿
gone girl	TYC	Besides Scorcese who's on a different level, Fincher's the best working director on earth.﻿
gone girl	TYC	He's not a murder. He's the BATMAN, and BATMAN DO NOT KILL﻿
gone girl	TYC	why tyler perry gotta be in this bitch? what is this shit tyler perry's gone girl? ﻿
gone girl	TYC	Affleck's character killed her. Ok movie﻿
gone girl	TYC	I've read the book and this trailer doesn't give away anything. Relax guys﻿
gone girl	TYC	Pretty sure this movie will be good but this trailer is terrible. It makes it look like a Lifetime movie. Again, I have all the faith in the world for Fincher but they should fire the trailer house that cut this.﻿
gone girl	TYC	I wasn't sure a film adaptation would work... but I like this trailer!﻿
gone girl	TYC	I love it when trailers show me just enough for me to not have to pay money to watch!﻿
gone girl	TYC	so much is fukn ruined here in this trailer!!﻿
gone girl	TYC	*Gone girl* sarà il nuovo film di David Fincher (Fight Club, Seven, The Social Network) tratto dal bestseller "L'amore bugiardo" di Gillian Flynn. Protagonisti Ben Affleck e Rosamund Pike.﻿
gone girl	TYC	I usually like fincher movies but idk i dont feel it this time﻿
gone girl	TYC	He doesn't kill her.She's actually just hiding at an ex bfs.So the trailer didn't spoil anything. Bam!!Btw spoiler alert!!﻿
gone girl	TYC	song?﻿
gone girl	TYC	Can wait to see this movie, can someone give me a hint to who killed her?﻿
gone girl	TYC	What kind of weird song is being played throughout the trailer? It sounds like Ernie from Sesame Street is singing the song.﻿
gone girl	TYC	All I can say is YES!﻿
gone girl	TYC	This should be good, it's David Fincher for Christ's sake, how could it not?﻿
gone girl	TYC	this song is too obviously "notting hill" to be legitimately used in another film.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Ben DOUCHEfleck.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Hmm.. Looks pretty good﻿
gone girl	TYC	crime? investigation? this interested me﻿
gone girl	TYC	3 words.... BEN    AFFLECK﻿
gone girl	TYC	Worst trailer in the history of trailers!!!﻿
gone girl	TYC	i'm so exciting to see this movie !!! , I CANNOT WAIT !!!﻿
gone girl	TYC	Read the book - no spoiler in trailer.﻿
gone girl	TYC	EXCELLENT movie, I highly recommend it. Grabs you within minutes and doesn't let go until the end. Bravo, 5 stars... ﻿
gone girl	TYC	who put that song to that trailer needs binning﻿
gone girl	TYC	This was a really good book, hopefully the movie is just as good﻿
gone girl	TYC	Does anyone know where I can download this song? I know it's 'She by Richard Butler', but I don't know where to download it from? ﻿
gone girl	TYC	whos the actress at 00:50 ?﻿
gone girl	TYC	you people who haven't read the book are so wrong with those speculations ha﻿
gone girl	TYC	I saw David Fincher and at that very moment I knew I have to watch it.﻿
gone girl	TYC	God this music is awful. ﻿
gone girl	TYC	I just really hopes this lives up to the book.., ^^;;﻿
gone girl	TYC	Ben Affleck is such a great actor. People underestimate him so much. ﻿
gone girl	TYC	i did not kill my wife. i am not a murderer....... I'm BATMAN!﻿
gone girl	TYC	wow this trailer is so good﻿
gone girl	TYC	if only there had been no song in the trailer but thrilling music and things other thriller trailers usually have...﻿
gone girl	TYC	great trailer﻿
gone girl	TYC	Wait...so, Bruce Wayne (i'm joking, is Ben Affleck) killed his wife ?﻿
gone girl	TYC	Related to latest things in the news?? (Oscar pistorious, did he kill her or not?)﻿
gone girl	TYC	Laci Peterson?﻿
gone girl	TYC	Looks like the movie is about OJ simpson ﻿
gone girl	TYC	Ben Affleck is a good actor﻿
gone girl	TYC	gillian and fincher, my God, i couldn'd imagine of a better combination, i can;t wait....﻿
gone girl	TYC	Loved the book hopefully this will live up to it.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Scott Petterson movie????﻿
gone girl	TYC	Did...did i see tyler perry in this movie?﻿
gone girl	TYC	Since Argo won awards (deservedly so), I hope Affleck can solidify his place as legit actor. Plus; what's wrong with him being Batman? It's not like comic book fans gave Michael Keaton any trust when he portrayed the "Caped Crusader" (remember about how they complained about him being a comedic actor because he was in "Mr. Mom?" Kinda' convenient). ﻿
gone girl	TYC	lol if it was a black girl no one would care :D﻿
gone girl	TYC	DAVID FINCHER.....yes!﻿
gone girl	TYC	I hope the movie is as good as this trailer﻿
gone girl	TYC	So this is what Batman does in his spare time...﻿
gone girl	TYC	Isn't his little brother in a movie called Gone Baby Gone? Wat.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Is this about the Peterson death?﻿
gone girl	TYC	All of you are idiots of you think this is the whole movie and all of you are wrong, (SPOILER)………… he doesn't kill his wife so shut the hell up. I'm sick of seeing "Basically just watched the whole movie" comments. Get real, because you didn't.﻿
gone girl	TYC	This is a David Fincher movie boys and girls, complicated is only the beginning of things here﻿
gone girl	TYC	It shows her drown in the tub?  ﻿
gone girl	TYC	I see instead of Gilpin finding the underwear it was Boney. Also I heard they changed a lot in the movies from what's in the books﻿
gone girl	TYC	If this is a physiological-Memento type of story, then I am on board (even if it is similar to Prisoners, I'm fine) but I hope this trailer did not try to over hype it because I see little hype to begin with... Argo was boring :|﻿
gone girl	TYC	I DIDN'T KILL MY WIFE!!! I'M BATMAN!!!﻿
gone girl	TYC	Ha look its batman﻿
gone girl	TYC	well that was the shortest movie ever!﻿
gone girl	TYC	That song is so creepy.﻿
gone girl	TYC	No he's Batman﻿
gone girl	TYC	He killed her. ﻿
gone girl	TYC	Madea to the rescue.﻿
gone girl	TYC	even though I basically know everything that happens now, I still want to check out this movie﻿
gone girl	TYC	why tyler perry?﻿
gone girl	TYC	And people say Affleck cant be Batman. Just look, he always acts like the mysterious depressed man in all his movies and does it pretty darn well. Isn't that a perfect fit for batman?﻿
gone girl	TYC	his batman body isnt coming along well.. >.>﻿
gone girl	TYC	(Batman voice)WHERE IS SHE!?!?!﻿
gone girl	TYC	a trailer, yet you know the whole story. not gonna watch it now.﻿
gone girl	TYC	From someone whose has read the book I would say the trailer gives away no spoilers at all...﻿
gone girl	TYC	He might have not killed his wife, but he will kill that Batman/Superman movie...﻿
gone girl	TYC	Batman﻿
gone girl	TYC	fincher...genius﻿
gone girl	TYC	The song defines emotion of the husband who has lost his wife on the eve of their anniversary...i know story aint something new but David Fincher's work will make it special...i hope﻿
gone girl	TYC	batman what are you doing...﻿
gone girl	TYC	She doesn't die!!!!﻿
gone girl	TYC	I loved the book and hope the film is as good (the trailer gives nothing away FYI). The ending of the book is awful though and I will be interested to see if they change it in the film....﻿
gone girl	TYC	nice﻿
gone girl	TYC	the book is really great! i'm excited about the movie...﻿
gone girl	TYC	Spoiler .....His wife is actually abducted by aliens and anal prob then comes back as a rhino....true story﻿
gone girl	TYC	Looks beautiful. Fincher is a genius, can't wait.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Its Bruce Murdock!﻿
gone girl	TYC	*GONE GIRL* Im Trailer des kommenden Thrillers mit Ben Affleck ist kein Wort von David Fincher zu lesen. Mit Absicht?﻿
gone girl	TYC	BECAUSE I'M DAREDEVIL! errr.... BATMAN !﻿
gone girl	TYC	Batman Begins﻿
gone girl	TYC	Getting really tired of your shit master wayne﻿
gone girl	TYC	Spoiler: Ben Affleck didn't kill his wife.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Been excited for this for a long time.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Well don't worry the world'greatest detective will find his wife....if u know what i mean﻿
gone girl	TYC	*insert batman pun﻿
gone girl	TYC	And ben your not batman lol﻿
gone girl	TYC	Loved the book. I hope they didn't screw up the wih the movie. :)﻿
gone girl	TYC	And now we don't need to see the film!Terrible trailer!﻿
gone girl	TYC	"I'm not a murderer. I'm Batman." would have been more epic.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Read the book... That's all I'm going to say﻿
gone girl	TYC	wow, they literally spoiled the entire story.﻿
gone girl	TYC	gone girl gone﻿
gone girl	TYC	I swear this could be exactly the way I imagined it...and the cast is just super perfect...﻿
gone girl	TYC	Seems like that real missing lady that happened years ago. She was pregnant and they found her pregnant body down the river or something. Her husband got away with it.﻿
gone girl	TYC	trust me ,spoilers in the trailers same with "Mystic River" but was good movie﻿
gone girl	TYC	ok done.... he killed his wife... next movie trailer pls :-P﻿
gone girl	TYC	Horrible song. And when I thought it couldn't get any worse, I saw Tyler Perry. ﻿
gone girl	TYC	looks good.  if there is a book, i'm getting it.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Did Affleck direct this?  If he did, you know it's going kick ass.  (Gone Baby Gone, The Town, Argo, all absolutely fantastic flix)﻿
gone girl	TYC	Yeah, Fincher bitch!!﻿
gone girl	TYC	Before he is batman, he is just a normal dude.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Gone Girl (2014)Directed by: David FincherScreenplay: Gillian Flynn and Ben AffleckStarting: Ben Affleck, Rosumund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris, & Tyler Perry﻿
gone girl	TYC	So if you watch any of those real murder investigation shows. You have seen this movie 100 times already and they are more messed up because they actually happened. ﻿
gone girl	TYC	I'm laughing at the comments saying this trailer spoiled the movie lol﻿
gone girl	TYC	batman dafuq u doin u aint got no family ﻿
gone girl	TYC	People claiming to have read the entire plot of the film from the trailer do not know jack shit.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Spoiler trailer. Tell all the movie story em 2 minutes.﻿
gone girl	TYC	ok, i needed to stop watching this trailer, because is not my intention see the movie today.﻿
gone girl	TYC	He said "Not," he did it (only liars don't use contractions) ....jk﻿
gone girl	TYC	It's not Oscar "Bait", it's Oscar "WORTHY"!﻿
gone girl	TYC	The book was great, I really hope the movie does it justice.  I believe in you Ben Affleck!﻿
gone girl	TYC	I think this trailer just spoiled the movie for me :( I hope the twist is not obvious ﻿
gone girl	TYC	shit trailer, doesn't seems to be David Fincher level of dark﻿
gone girl	TYC	I just can't get enough of this trailer!﻿
gone girl	TYC	1:04 I dont see Bem Affleck, I see Bruce Wayne.﻿
gone girl	TYC	I read the book about 4 months ago, then found out it was being made into a movie. By David Fincher no less, can't wait, good book hopefully good film!﻿
gone girl	TYC	the perfect husband the laci peterson story dean cain﻿
gone girl	TYC	Did they just show the whole movie in one trailer? ﻿
gone girl	TYC	Just because it showed her dead in a pool of water doesn't mean she is dead. Or that is how she die. ﻿
gone girl	TYC	She ran off with a black man﻿
gone girl	TYC	 there better be a good reason for showing the last few seconds of this trailer﻿
gone girl	TYC	Is this based on a true story?﻿
gone girl	TYC	The trailer doesn't reveal anything. If you have read the book, you would know that this trailer doesn't reveal even 5% of this story. And if you haven't read the book, watch the movie. It'll be worth watching. It's not like the Drew-Scott Peterson story AT ALL.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Hey Stop Chasing Amy!Is he Chasing Amy...again?Now he's Missing Amy?Is this directed by Kevin Smith?﻿
gone girl	TYC	that beautiful yet creepy asfu music tho﻿
gone girl	TYC	i'll never get over that ben affleck smirk﻿
gone girl	TYC	BEN,BEN!!!! YOURE SUPPOSED TO BE WORKING ON YOUR BATMAN!! DAMNIT﻿
gone girl	TYC	Can't wait. Great Book! ﻿
gone girl	TYC	BatAffleck you are a killer!﻿
gone girl	TYC	DOES ANYBODY WANNA COME OVER TO MY CHANNEL AND LISTEN TO MUSIC???? I GOT SKITTLES...﻿
gone girl	TYC	If you read the book, then you know that this trailer doesn't give away the plotremember the Prisoners trailer and how we all thought that we saw the whole movie? same case here﻿
gone girl	TYC	Time for the Batfleck jokes...﻿
gone girl	TYC	Where's BATFLECK?!﻿
gone girl	TYC	The twist at the end is the Ben Affleck character killed the wife﻿
gone girl	TYC	Looks promising﻿
gone girl	TYC	New Fincher movie YESS﻿
gone girl	TYC	Finally a trailer that doesn't spoil the entire plot of the film! I was so pissed when the Ender's Game trailer did that. -_- Some things are meant to be experienced purely, not spoiled to high heavens.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Looks great!!!﻿
gone girl	TYC	umm did the movie jjust spoil where she was?﻿
gone girl	TYC	I spy Tyler Perry﻿
gone girl	TYC	Please, the name of the song.﻿
gone girl	TYC	the same like egyptian movie @http://ar.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%AD%D9%81%D9%84%D8%A9_(%D9%81%D9%8A%D9%84%D9%85)﻿
gone girl	TYC	@ Scare Yourself: It does seem kinda Lifetime, but maybe Fincher is going for certain "mood"? Besides, after Alien3, don't think he relinquishes control to anybody over how his movies are marketed (I.e: u see that EW cover he personally shot himself?) - that includes how trailers are presented.﻿
gone girl	TYC	Looks interesting. I want to read the original book as well. Also the book's author wrote the screenplay so that and Fincher's direction will probably work in this story. ﻿
gone girl	TYC	batman doesn't kill innocent people....﻿
gone girl	TYC	This looks amazing! David Fincher is one of the best directors out there!﻿
gone girl	TYC	the book was amazing, this is going to be an amazing movie !﻿
gone girl	TYC	What's that song?﻿
gone girl	TYC	Ooooooo!!!! Looks good!!﻿
gone girl	TYC	Looks like the whole movie but it isnt , this trailer is awesome Btw﻿
gone girl	TYC	BATMAN﻿
gone girl	TYC	
gone girl	TYC	Batman﻿
gone girl	TYC	Batfleck!﻿
gone girl	TYC	WOOO!!!!!! FINCHER MOVIE!!!!!!!!﻿
gone girl	TYC	At first I thought the song was a weird choice but now I think it fits beautifully (after watching the trailer for the 5th time). And do like the fact that Ben Affleck is acting his ass off and he his still just okay. Lol﻿
gone girl	TYC	It won't be better than Fincher's best piece of work: alien 3﻿
gone girl	TYC	this looks sooooo good i love david fincher﻿
gone girl	TYC	OMG OMG OMG OMNG﻿
gone girl	TYC	Whats with BATMAN & BRUCE WAYNE shyte here﻿
gone girl	TYC	ben "the batman" affleck﻿
gone girl	TYC	Guys don't be naive.. This trailer doesn't spoil ANYTHING.. even with the wife looking dead at the end.Read the damn book, is awesome. I can't wait to see the adaptation because Fincher made it﻿
gone girl	TYC	Guys, I read the book.. This trailer doesn't spoil anything. So wait for its release because Fincher just made an awesome adaptation of a great book﻿
gone girl	TYC	This book was the most confusing thing ever.﻿
gone girl	TYC	David Fincher ... enough said﻿
gone girl	TYC	Ben Affleck's wife goes missing in the new 'Gone Girl' Trailer. ﻿
gone girl	NYL	1299
gone girl	NYD	51
gone girl	NYV	309056
